Remove journalctl command 3.2 (#1664)
akeneo/pim-docs: README.md

The Akeneo PIM documentation

## Build the documentation

Install [Docker](https://docs.docker.com/engine/installation/).

Then `make build`.

The docs will be built into `./pim-docs-build`.

## Deploy the documentation

### With Circle CI (recommended)

> Once you merge a PR into the `master` branch, it is automatically deployed on the staging server. In order to deploy it in production, please follow these steps:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once you merge a PR into the `3.2` branch, it is automatically deployed on the staging server. In order to deploy it in production, please follow these steps:
```

- Check the staging environment if everything is ok to be deployed in production

> - Open [the list of merged PR in master branch](https://circleci.com/gh/akeneo/workflows/pim-docs/tree/master) in Circle CI. You have to be connected with your Github account.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Open [the list of merged PR in 3.2 branch](https://circleci.com/gh/akeneo/workflows/pim-docs/tree/3.2) in Circle CI. You have to be connected with your Github account.
```
